Dedicated attestation keys (#9)
hannestschofenig/exported-attestation: draft-fossati-tls-exported-attestation.md

# Security Considerations

> This document inherits the security considerations of RFC 9261 and RFC 9334. The integrity of the exported authenticators must be guaranteed, and any failure in validating Evidence SHOULD be treated as a fatal error in the communication channel. Additionally, in order to benefit from remote attestation, it is recommended that Evidence MUST be protected using dedicated attestation keys chaining back to the root of trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document inherits the security considerations of RFC 9261 and RFC 9334. The integrity of the exported authenticators must be guaranteed, and any failure in validating Evidence SHOULD be treated as a fatal error in the communication channel. Additionally, in order to benefit from remote attestation, it is recommended that Evidence MUST be protected using dedicated attestation keys chaining back to a trust anchor. This trust anchor will typically be provided by the hardware manufacturer.
```

> This document inherits the security considerations of RFC 9261 and RFC 9334. The integrity of the exported authenticators must be guaranteed, and any failure in validating Evidence SHOULD be treated as a fatal error in the communication channel. Additionally, in order to benefit from remote attestation, it is recommended that Evidence MUST be protected using dedicated attestation keys chaining back to a trust anchor. This trust anchor will typically be provided by the hardware manufacturer.

Reviewer 2: we either recommend or require.  doing both is confusing.

Author: I will go for the latter. In my analysis, once the TIK is lost, an unprotected (e.g., unsigned) evidence is available to the adversary. Hence, remote attestation does not bring any security benefit in this case. One might argue it is even worse than standard TLS because using ephemeral key breaks the authentication property as well (something still to be argued more formally).

Reviewer 2: makes sense to require.
